MBC yeah
Atlantic just south of Garvey
Yeah yeah (***) yeah cars
Really?
I thought that was just an Irvine that they had to do that.
Oh I didn't know that.
That kind of takes something out of it.
Yeah okay.
Oh no wait that's sucks
MBC still has carts.
Yeah a big one.
Yeah yeah
No no no idea It's in a big plaza?
And then there's also a 20.
As far from this m gonna recoin and there's a small bakery there, too
you
Yeah, it used to be really cheap with everything else.
it's gone up yeah so it's still okay
Everything has gone up, yeah. It's not just one place, it's everywhere.
Remember fall used to be like 7-8 months? Yeah!
yeah yeah
And the cheap places are like $12, $13 now yeah
Yeah even if they
but in japan even if the exchange rate is like 100 yen a dollar
It's still cheap yeah
So I don't, I don't, yeah, it's crazy. I feel like I'm going 20 years back in the past. Yeah.
Ok so they know, yeah.
Okay, honestly when I go to Japan I hardly ever stay at a hotel.
I either stay at her grandma's place or my mom's place.
But nice thing about Japan is even if you do get a cheap hotel, at least it's still clean.
So like over here, you know, you look at the price you're like
That's too cheap, you know, you go next, you know?
Yeah.
Oh, you have? Oh, okay.
What kind of city is that?
Is it kind of in the booming area? cause i..
I don't know that wherever so..
Oh, we're supposed to be talking about food, huh?
it just it just it just hit me right now
What's your favorite place in Twine?
okay okay like home style and yeah..
OK, I'll try.
So is it like there Japanese comfort food there? ohh